docs/filters.md, before:

# Variable Filters

Used to modify variables. Filters are added directly after variable names, separated by the pipe (|) character. You can chain multiple filters together, applying one after the other in succession.

    {{ foo|reverse|join(' ')|title }}

## add(value)

Adds the value to the variable. Strings that can be converted to integers will be summed, not concatenated, as in the example below.

    {{ value|add('2') }}

## addslashes

Returns a string with backslashes in front of characters that need to be quoted for database queries, etc.

* single quote `'`
* double quote `"`
* backslash `\`

## capitalize

Capitalize the first character in the string.

## date

Convert a valid date into a format as specified. Mostly conforms to (php.net's date formatting)[http://php.net/date].

    {{ post.created|date('F jS, Y') }}

## default(default_value)

If the variable is `undefined`, `null`, or `false`, a default return value can be specified.

    {{ foo|default('foo is not defined') }}

## first

Returns the first element of an array. Uses [underscore.js first](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#first)

## join

If the value is an Array, you can join each value with a delimiter and return it as a string.

    {{ authors|join(', ') }}

## json_encode

Return a JSON string of the variable.

## last

Returns the last element of an array. Uses [underscore.js last](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#last)

## length

Return the `length` property of the value.

## lower

Return the variable in all lowercase letters.

## replace(search, replace[, flags])

Uses built-in JavaScript replace method. Provide a regular-expression or a string and a replacement string.

    {{ foo|replace('b', 'c') }}

### Arguments

1. search: string converted to a regular expression. Example: `'\s'` will become `/\s/`, while `'s'` will become `/s/`
2. replace: a string to replace the matched parts from _search_
3. flags: _optional_ Regular expression flags. [[reference]](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions#Advanced_Searching_With_Flags)

## reverse

If the value is an Array, this filter will reverse all items in the array.

## striptags

Strip all HTML/XML tags.

## title

Change the output to title case–the first letter of every word will uppercase, while all the rest will be lowercase.

## uniq

Produces a duplicate-free version of the array. Uses [underscore.js uniq](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#uniq)

## upper

Return the variable in all uppercase letters

## url_encode

Encode a URI component.

## url_decode

Decode a URI component.

Commit message:

updating filter docs with argument explanations. removing pointless examples

docs/filters.md, after:

# Variable Filters

Used to modify variables. Filters are added directly after variable names, separated by the pipe (|) character. You can chain multiple filters together, applying one after the other in succession.

## add(value)

Adds the value to the variable. Strings that can be converted to integers will be summed, not concatenated, as in the example below.

### Arguments

1. **value** (_mixed_) The value to add to the variable before printing it to the page. Accepts any `array`, `object`, `number`, and `string`.

## addslashes

Returns a string with backslashes in front of characters that need to be quoted for database queries, etc.

* single quote `'`
* double quote `"`
* backslash `\`

## capitalize

Capitalize the first character in the string.

## date(format)

Convert a valid date into a format as specified. Mostly conforms to (php.net's date formatting)[http://php.net/date].

### Arguments

1. **format** (_string_) The format to convert the date to.

## default(value)

If the variable is `undefined`, `null`, or `false`, a default return value can be specified.

### Arguments

1. **value** (_mixed_) Fallback value if the variable is falsy.

## first

Returns the first element of an array. Uses [underscore.js first](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#first)

## join(glue)

If the value is an Array, you can join each value with a delimiter and return it as a string.

### Arguments

1. **glue** (_string_) Concatenation string to join each item in the array with.

## json_encode

Return a JSON string of the variable.

## last

Returns the last element of an array. Uses [underscore.js last](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#last)

## length

Return the `length` property of the value.

## lower

Return the variable in all lowercase letters.

## replace(search, replace[, flags])

Uses built-in JavaScript replace method. Provide a regular-expression or a string and a replacement string.

### Arguments

1. **search** (_string_) string converted to a regular expression. Example: `'\s'` will become `/\s/`, while `'s'` will become `/s/`
2. **replace** (_string_) a string to replace the matched parts from _search_
3. **flags** (_string_) _optional_ Regular expression flags. [[reference]](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions#Advanced_Searching_With_Flags)

## reverse

If the value is an Array, this filter will reverse all items in the array.

## striptags

Strip all HTML/XML tags.

## title

Change the output to title case–the first letter of every word will uppercase, while all the rest will be lowercase.

## uniq

Produces a duplicate-free version of the array. Uses [underscore.js uniq](http://documentcloud.github.com/underscore/#uniq)

## upper

Return the variable in all uppercase letters

## url_encode

Encode a URI component.

## url_decode

Decode a URI component.
